hey Jason Frank from salp so we're just
an 11mth old business and grew to about
2 million So currently what would you be
your top advice for companies that
actually do well during this so you're 2
million in the first year growing
quickly right yes
first uh great congratulations just
assume you have to talk to more VCS than
you used to don't play any games don't
artificially constrain the process don't
tell people they have 37 minutes be a
little more chill and talk to twice as
many people as you planned I'll take
some more questions so when you like in
Stall the last five seven years have
been wildly different so how you spot
those any broken pulling death I think
there's a couple questions there how do
you figure out if they're any good at
the role because everyone's happy right
one interview 30 by the time you
interview 30 the top three will stand
out two if it's for a role you've never
hired before you don't know find someone
that's great at truly great and ask them
to just interview your your final
candidate simple answers but that sounds
simple but that always works interview
30 and find if you've never hired a VP
adventage before find the best technical
lead CTO VP event you can on planet
Earth do whatever it takes and ask her
or him if they'll just interview one
candidate for you it'll save you a
lifetime of problems in terms of the
Burton broke and I wish I had a a a
perfect test on it I like to just ask a
lot of open-ended questions but for I'll
tell you the one that's the best one
first sales or product or customer
success sales product customer sucess
there's the number one best open-ended
question on all of mankind since the
dawn of enterprise software in the early
1500s and the question is to sales
customer Sal a product what would you do
your first couple
weeks not first 30 days 69 because then
they're all thinking their plan right
what would you do your first couple
weeks the best heads of product the best
heads of customer sucess and the best BP
sales will give you the same answer I'm
going to go meet customers it's always
the same I remember the first great
product uh my end of product my My
ultimate full-time VP product was a guy
named iron aloney who then became uh CCO
at G Co and CCO at gong he's great
joined very early with omit but he was
and and that's what he did his first
week but another guy the best this guy
that was head of product ironically at
SMB at sap but because Sab had acquired
a startup the best product guy I knew I
asked him to my interim header product
who found me Iran that went to gong and
he started and I wanted him to meet with
my engineering team and I wanted to work
out some friction I had with my CTO and
I wanted him to work on Mario API and
our documentation he said no I'll talk
to you in two weeks Jason I'm like what
do you mean God is I'm going to go talk
to 20 customers I'd never seen this
before it was new to me i' never hired a
a true Pro a vpl l product and he came
back and he wrote a whole memo of all
his notes and learnings and here's what
success factor said and here's what
LinkedIn said and here's what said I've
analyzed and here's all the issues and
this is how we're going to work on your
product you don't learn the product
sitting in the office for two weeks on
your own or just randomly sitting there
customer success should go visit your
top C the first job go visit your top
customers sales wants to get into those
top accounts right so that's the cheat
code for the broken and the bitter when
they say when they want to stay at home
when they don't say they want to meet
customers and not all of us love meeting
customers not everyone does don't hire
them that's my cheat code is what are
you going to do your first couple weeks
listen for go meet customers then I'm
loing I'm leaning in thanks my name is
th thank you for a great conference my
question is can early stage startups
successfully run product dead growth and
Enterprise go to market strategy
simultaneously and can what we kers
suggest they'll succeed yeah this is too
much is made up of this I did like a
podcast interview with Aon Levy a little
while ago and I asked him as plg is just
premium with analytics it's just premium
that you can measure it's just premium
that you can multivariant test we have
been doing
freia
since 1996 I think since the web apps
came out I think we make this too
complicated and early apps like WebEx
was originally I mean I'm really dating
myself it was really even before my time
but the case studies industry you know
WebEx was the first billion doll AR SAS
company that blew up even before before
Salesforce and they started off charging
per minute because that's how telepan
used to charge right and then they did
this really stressful thing they went to
having a a self- serve motion that was
free with upsell and they did this
cannibalization but my point is they've
been doing that since 19
1998 right eax which was a inspiration
for when I C we my team created the
web-based E signature even before docy
sign we copied eax which was premium plg
I'm really reaching back in time so
these are not new premium is not new
motion and I did write a saster post on
folks that are plg and S more seriously
if you look at folks whether you it's
almost everyone that starts off selfs
server plg adds more sales over time
canva last week did their Enterprise
event it's all about their new sales
team right it happened ass sa started
off all self- served now I think then
they went about 6040 plg SLG now they
flipped it now it's I think it's 40%
self- serve lowend and 60% so we all end
up with this model not everyone but
maybe Squarespace and Wix don't have a
sales team but I think they might and
Tik Tok has a sales team they're here so
everyone ends up with a sales SL motion
we talk like plg is something new it's
not it's something old
that has better analytics and software
today People Like Us in the room nine
times out of 10 we like to click and buy
don't we so it's nothing new it's
nothing new and certainly anyone on the
developer side knows it's nothing new
and even open source is the most extreme
version of it right it's plg with no
humans whatsoever okay so when do you
know what to do two things first of all
if you don't start with a self-
onboarding self- procuring service it's
wildly difficult to start later which we
talked about so I'm going to assume
you're starting with a product that
people can try and buy on their own but
you're also trying to sell it at the
same time basically what tends to happen
is by about a hundred customers you have
a statistically significant distribution
I have done either on Zoom or my office
this exercise with so many folks in the
early days cosos of Checker and algolia
and pipe drive with Owen from intercom
so many folks I brought them in half
million a million 300,000 in Revenue
wherever I ask them how many customers
they have it's 50 80 100 so it's enough
and I do this exercise all the time
either on Zoom or in put I write a pie
chart and I Circle a pie chart and I say
how many customers are small how many
customers are medium and how many
customers are large I don't ask them to
Define it because different customers
and they're like 40% small 20% medium
what's left 40% big and I'm like okay
this is you and actually at one if
you're at 1 million this will be you at
10 million and 100 million unless either
the market changes or you change it and
then what I do is I and and sometimes if
they've gotten bigger I'll do two
circles I'll do where were you at 100K
and where were you at 100 or where were
you at a million or five million not in
a medium but maybe over a board meeting
and you can see the trends change right
it's fun to do it at 1 million 5 million
10 million and see how those three three
pieces of the pie if you have no medium
or large customers I would stay at the
bottom of the market for now Shopify
stayed there for a long time even though
they're all about Enterprise today but
they stayed at the bottom of the market
past IPO HubSpot stayed there um
intentionally so sometimes the pie chart
says stay low right but if you're asking
the question it's probably because you
got like a couple bigger deals but the
team's complaining I don't know if I
really want to do security I don't
really know they want the I don't want
to do the Integrations a lot of times
folks that like Self Serve don't really
want to deal with sales or vice versa
right that we' got bigger deals now
we're building Sal that's hard man maybe
you should be going more midm Market
lower that's quick yeah that's what VC
say they don't have to do the work look
the bottom line is I want to make I want
to keep this simple it sounds like your
pie chart's heavily
Enterprise so are if you're asking my
advice knowing almost nothing should you
go down Market should you go plg and
midmarket and S&B I'm going to say
don't you've got no C if you have no
almost no customers there think about
the energy you're going to put into that
and the other thing I do when I do this
pie chart exercise the 40 4020 or
whatever it is is what I basically say
to Founders and this is I I 100% believe
this is true over many years is this is
where your energy should be and
sometimes what I say is okay yeah like
but we're going more Enterprise I'm okay
if you're 40% 40% 20% Enterprise today
where do you want to be in a year and
they're like in a year I want to be 40
50% Enterprise 25% midmarket 25% S&B I'm
like okay great then half your product
story points half your product half your
engineering half your marketing half
your CS half of everything should be an
Enterprise and 25% should be here and
roughly it's a framework right so you
have to decide this is the Fool's errand
we talked about and sometimes Founders
as Founders we have to do Fool's errands
sometimes we're right sometimes HubSpot
was right to do CRM when everyone said
it was silly because your customers are
in marketing that's a $700 million
business today they were right so
sometimes as you have to do this as a
Founder but you're organic customer base
isn't telling you this is it break the
rules if you need to this is your job
but don't listen to your VCS they don't
know what they're talking about they're
not building the software in theory
mid-market is faster than Enterprise but
who cares the thing is about long sales
yeah they're faster but but bigger deals
are
bigger so we think it's better but it's
not because once you've do been doing
Enterprise for a couple years you stop
actually stop caring about sales Cycles
because when you have one deal it's
really stressful when you have 50 big
deals with six month sales cycles and
you have a good sales team that's why we
actually have pipelines and we said
we're okay this one's going to close
this court and this one's going to close
next court and this one's in Security
review and this one's in a paid pilot
it's part of the Cadence and it's not
that bad if a $2 million deal takes 10
months to is it so don't lead into mid
Market our VC it's not nothing's
easier let's summarize it with that
nothing's easier everything's just
harder feedback thank you thank
you my question is about tation multiple
you showed a slide saying that multiples
obviously down the last couple years
we've got some situations now where
we've seen some Revenue that we haven't
been classifying as Zim but the margins
are lower but we've been bilding clients
consistently for over 12 months and that
nrr is over 100% on it
so we're now okay we could pull in an
extra let's say I don't know almost a
million people in there we've got
another Enterprise customers coming on
so we can add an extra couple million to
our IR it's going to drag down like our
gross Market it will so I'd like to get
a read on you in terms of like how
investors are like what investors are
investors are still a little stupid here
they shouldn't
be in the old days in the old days we
were super gross margin sensitive in the
old days people like when twio started
to scale everyone that was building
software like they were like this is the
stripe of communications this is an
amazing company and the VCS were
crapping on twio because it had 40 or
50% margins right both were right trilo
ended up being an iconic generational
company and it also trades that traded
and ended up after 2021 it ended up
trading a pretty weak multiple because
of the margins right and so BCS in the
beginning were very wary of these lower
margins from Blended products and then I
know you know this some in 2021 ever no
one
cared no one car no one would really
look at the gross margins they just
wanted the top line to be growing and it
I didn't understand it as someone who's
been in the space for a long time but
the public markets didn't care either
the public markets I'm exaggerating
slightly but the public markets said hey
toast's Hardware business that is still
gross margin negative
counts toast doesn't even count it in
they're reporting anymore and Shopify
got too big of a boost from its bunded
model right shop f is epic but its
Financial Services margins are much
lower than its software margins right
there's a number of examples and so in
2021 no one cared today the public
markets absolutely care to an extent
right and a software company really does
need to have north of 70% margins but to
be
tactical I would say a lot of DCs today
all they care about is Top Line growth
today so what I would do if you have
communications software and other I
would be honest and a lot of Founders to
aren't honest I would be honest and I
would just do three colors on your
Revenue stack say listen we're at a
million million of Revenue today
personally I wouldn't even call it AR
even though everyone does we're at a
million of Revenue 300K from software
400k from messaging and 200ks from
Services right Shopify does it bill.com
breaks out their segment people toast is
very look at toast I've written up on
SAS they're very honest about their
different segments put it in different
colors in a pie chart and let VCS come
to their own conclusion some oldtimers
may say I'm out of here and that's fair
right or they may take a marker and only
give you credit for the bottom line
others will don't really won't care
right there's literally a company I
invested in great Founders they're at 25
million in AR today more than doubling
pretty good right but 20% of the revenue
was passed through zero margin
revenue does that
count no and I kept saying this to the
other fancy investors on the board and
the table I'd be like it's good company
but 20% is pass through and another 20%
is basically 5% margin for merchant
services so really it's not a 20 it's a
great company I guess I'm old school I
think there a 14 mil our company and
they didn't care and this company raised
tons and tens and many tens of millions
of dollars and then finally a couple
weeks ago one of the investors was like
wait how does this
work and we totally restated the revenue
my way we totally restated the revenue
and the revenue is 60% of what it was
right does it change the ultimate
company maybe not right but the point
there's a lot of points of that story
but by learning is that even today going
to the opener investors are still
hunting decords right and so they
they're not gonna they're not going to
give you credit because you're
profitable they're not going to give you
credit for lower growth because of macro
issues but what they will do is they get
a little blind to hyper growth like
they're so de because fewer companies
are hyper
growing the ones that are hyper growing
people will actually be more forgiving
so be honest but I wouldn't not share
that Revenue if it has gross margin if
it's 30% margin grade if it's zero like
this pastor
Revenue I think it's sketch hi Jason
thanks for organizing a great event I'm
going to ask the same question I asked
last year terrific which is what are
your thoughts of what the main themes
you're going to be talking about next
year
at
saster no idea I don't know I probably
said that last year I the slides I made
for the opener really it took me a while
to synthesize the bwwb the BWC the AI
stuff so I don't know I'm actually I'm
the I'm pretty bad at the pretty overall
at seeing how businesses compound but
for example I did this I did a couple of
these like round taes with Harry steings
on 20 VC and I did 50,000 with him and
then 10,000 with couple other top top
investors that we would have an IPO a
week in the second half of the second
half of this year so July is July 1 the
start of the second half do you think
we're GNA have 26 IPOs the second half
of the year I think I'm going to lose my
8,000 it's I now having said that I'm
right I just think I'm going to be off
five quar not even one quarter off five
quarters I was a little too bullish so I
was too bullish so I don't know the only
thing that I'm thinking for next year I
am very t practically bullish on AI I am
not excited about the 200x AR deals I'm
not trying to see if exciting things
like poolside that are worth two billion
at less than I'm not that smart to know
whether those are good bets or bad bets
I do believe that any area of SAS where
AI is even a smidge helpful today let's
not be cynical that's even a smidge
helpful I am just tactically bullish
that in a year it will all be better and
we're all going to benefit from these a
as long as you're CTO can take advantage
of it going to our point we're all going
to benefit from this Rising tide I'm not
crazy I'm not AI crazy but I am very
excited to see the block and tackling
benefits that we get in core B2B SAS so
that's what I'm and in fact it's SAS
annual this year we're actually going to
have an entire AI day and AI Summit
morning till evening and it's all going
to be about improving workflows with AI
we're going to have great we're going to
have cosos of clavo and folks from all
the top leaders but instead of talking
about how to turn text and images and
cartoons and we're all going to talk
about how it's changing B2B stuff we
care about so that'll be the first day
September you can only come to that if
that's all you care about so I'm into
that but you can keep the cartoons and
stuff thank you hi Jason such a great
event year indeed I think it was better
than last year good to hear content so
my question is when it comes to
marketing agency on which ones under
deliver the most in the sus and the
founders really need them is the legion
called emailing bdr which agencies which
marketing agencies
look I agencies are interesting mostly
hiring agencies is the fastest way to
flush your money down the toilet as a
Founder I remember I invested in a third
time founder that I've known for years
co-founded as CTO a company was acquired
for over a billion last company was
acquired for a couple hundred million
but this is his first time as a business
CEO and it's like couple months in
things aren't working he I'm going to
get some marketing help I'm like great
I'm going to hire the best agency in
Southern California everyone says
they're great I'm look at their website
I'm like and it's only $100,000
and we're going to do a big launch
around this and best one three months
later he gets some really nice
collateral and a really good 2 by two on
the industry and zero leads I just
begged him not to do this one of the
smartest people I've ever worked with I
give you a million stories look there
are gems and I do believe like anything
that is Professional Services there is a
gem find the best lawyer it's makes a
difference find the best taxor find the
best marketer then sometimes they are at
agencies right but hiring an agency per
se not a person it's a way to flush your
money down the toilet it's true in
marketing because all the all marketing
agencies want to do is run formulaic
AdWords give you formula collateral give
you formula like this it doesn't work
for startups you don't have a brand they
want to flush your money down the toilet
agencies for bdrs and sdrs never work
with a few exceptions the reason they
never work is because with 20 clients
you never learned the
product there were flickers of it
working 10 years ago when few folks
weren't working Cadence and there were
flickers of it working in 2021 when we
bought so much software and I'm not
saying there's not someone here that but
if there there may be someone in an
agency that can is almost full-time for
you that could run the bdr Playbook but
the regular agency trying to they're
trying to run the exact same emails the
exact same copies the exact same breakup
emails no one understands your product
no one can respond to a question better
to brute force it yourself don't hire an
agency to do it hire if you can hire the
person in house great if you can find a
person but make sure they can actually
do it not that they say they can do it
too many agencies say they can do it
they just want a lot of clients and have
them do the exact same thing and that's
more power to them it's their business
model but it's a terrible
idea the one thing I'll say just for the
broader team of Niche is that is my view
there are gems at agencies and
also when you go to hire your first head
of marketing if they actually had a lead
commit and actually can do genu do can
growth they can't do everything
themselves and a lot of marketers want
to bring in a lot of agencies don't let
them you got to back them but always let
them pick one most marketers have one
agenc marketing agency they've worked
with for 10 years their right-hand
person at least let them bring in their
let everyone bring in one right-hand
person for an executive you have to and
marketers often will have one agency and
whether you see it or not you got to
back them yes much for today so everyone
has seems to be found I'm from a VC but
I'm fairly we're fairly industry but
it's so technical that sometimes
difficult to to how to find those gems
how to find the best startups what's
your perspective obviously a very broad
question that's a big question for VC
you either got to find the ones that
other people don't find or you got to
win you got to win right you got to be
in all the deals and find a way to win
to beat the other people right the later
stage Venture is all things the more
it's about winning right because you're
in every deal I remember someone I
forget who years ago told me I think
they joined andri and Horowitz fairly
early right and they didn't care at
andreon whether they ever did a deal
they weren't obviously at the top they
were just going to get fired if they
didn't see every deal in sass at the
time that they just needed to make sure
EV that no one got funded on Tech CRI
strictly VC that andreon didn't see and
this turns out to be true at many other
funds we got to see everything the
earlier you are or the smaller you are
that's that becomes impossible right but
so you got to either find things that
other folks haven't found in places like
SAS are I I've talked to so many folks
here that are doing millions that are
bootstrapped that aren't on any other
The Radars it's one way um or build a
network of feeders if you're not if
you're not super early stage unless
you're pre
preed there's always someone earlier
than you and and the best a investors
like if Kristoff's still here krop and I
started co-investing years ago when
actually I he used to be super early and
I could invest after him every great SAS
VC wants to go meet with co9 because
they just want to see what the hot stuff
is everyone comes hello pav what's on
what's new in the portfol how many of
these do you get 20 or 30 a year all the
time right cuz it's a way to hunt that
and you can do it on media but so my
point of the story is another way to do
it is just build the relationships one
stage earlier right and what's funny
when I started investing I didn't know
what I was doing but I had a pretty good
brand right and all these associates and
principles and others starting when I
was working they were just show up at my
office I didn't get why but they were
looking it was this is their job and
they were like hey maybe Lin seems to
know a few things when sass is what are
you looking at what's in your portfolio
and I I thought that they like saster or
something and and some of them did but
they just this is the job they look does
someone have enough juice enough
whatever and you got to be all over them
and and so you're early in your career
like how can I do that but these they
all did it they all but not everyone did
some of these relationships have lasted
for many years right like I met Teddy Wy
he runs sass at Insight he was a junior
VC at the time sat on my doorstep right
I'm like oh come on in kid go has gone
on to be one of the best successful he's
in everything from whiz on down sales
left with me I'm pretty good he started
off as the kid coming by to see who the
saster guy is not that I was necessarily
the perfect one but it's just it there
there's always someone Downstream who's
always hunting and so the these aren't
perfect ideas but it's a hustle and
sales game this is not it's not everyone
thinks for what it's worth to be
cathartic to Founders everyone in
Venture thinks until they realize how it
works they think it's a game of thinking
about it all the great ones come by our
office all the data dogs and whizzes and
hub spot we see all of them we get a
couple months to hem and ha see a few
reports decide is that Brian Halligan
really going to go I don't really like
NBAs something really gonna happen no
it's a freaking H it's a sales business
and a hustle business for almost
everybody and the only folks that don't
have to hustle like that have massive
inbound and there's only a handful of
folks where the founders pick them it's
only it's very r on your point that most
marketing issues is flush down your the
money not all but but also context I've
been and draun like a seven figure B2B
sales enable man that's our biggest
challenge right we tell people like hey
don't give us all your money we don't
know what we're going to do in three
months with you the biggest challenge is
trust and other agen also says is
promising the moon and we going to find
product Market fit for you we're going
to flood your calend with an agency
cannot find product Market fit for you
that that that's my story with the CTO
that's I missed in the story really he
hired them to find product marketed for
them and that's the great sucker bet of
all so what would you advise a person
like me that doesn't want to promise the
moon AI based shortening sales Cycles
two weeks with cimas whatever the the
promisees that's not going to work I get
the competition here's the cheat code if
you want to build an agency if you want
to build a Services business or as
Founders if you want to hire someone to
help you here's the simple the the
simplest cheat code and this is why it's
hard running agency
if it's the principles and take the
meeting if it's the F if the folks
running the agency every time I get
someone reaches out to me for a need I
have we have a lot of needs assessor we
only have nine people we have a lot to
do and sometimes I'll get a pretty good
email from an agency and at the bottom
it's Business Development Associate or
they want to screen me no you can beat
out 99% of the agencies and you can
decide if one of these fractional
resources of worthy founder is do I get
the principles and agencies don't scale
because the princip only have 50 hours a
week and so there's an overlap where you
still get the principles right but
Taylor and Caitlyn run this cred PR
agency there's Taylor right there if you
want to hire folks to help you with
speakers and speaker content hire them
they're the best I've worked with all of
them but here's why we're lucky that
they own the place this is their fifth
SAS so I don't want to talk to their bdr
if you're lucky enough to trick someone
that's a principal that's good that's
the cheat code so if you want to deliver
be be person but the problem is you can
only have so many clients right and
every agency deteriorates when the
principles don't do the work but also
how do you scale if the principles don't
want to do the work right so basically
pitch that you're small enough to still
be able to give the principal plans
pitch that I will be there you I listen
we chatted for 60 seconds I I know that
you're smart and have passion if you
told me you would come to my office and
work in my office and you would be my
outbound program I'd give you shot but
if it's but if you want to hire me so
that two kids you found down the street
are going to do it I'm out so that's the
summary and that's what I would look for
as Founders is will the principles do
the work it's just very it's very rare
so thanks for the question thank you so
much challenge accept all right yeah
hello first of all thank you for all the
sales content disaster it has helped us
so much good to
hear I'm looking for now ination
s so practices what to happen after you
view look there's a lot of best
practices which I'll allude to but it
can be hard if you have too many
questions but I love one eye opener for
us at this second SAS annual we had
Peter gastner who was the founder of Eva
which is worth 35 billion it only raised
3 million in primary Capital it's worth
35 billion it owns CRM and content
management for farm and biotech it is
like the Salesforce and more for biotech
in fact he was the VP of Technology at
Salesforce and said hey they're not
really doing Life Sciences I'll go do it
I'll raise 3 million and build a$ 33
billion company kind of a cool story and
but they're very enterpris they're very
they're all seven figure and eight
figure deals and I asked Peter you can
see it on our video what do you do with
new customers is I'm paraphrasing but if
we do a 45 day call I do a 90-day call I
do 180 call myself at that time me and
my team and so that's a doing these
three calls for real is I think a great
framework then back into what the kpis
are under it people don't do enough of
these calls anymore or the most the
saddest thing is in CS folks still talk
about doing qbrs quarterly and I ask a
lot of Cs folks how many of your
customers show up for your Cube how many
you do one in
10 doesn't count force it to be
documented Force senior leadership at
least with your bigger customers to do
three calls when they start so that you
can hear what's happening and surface
the issues and nobody really does that
and then here's the thing and then and I
think we we might have talked about this
earlier and Sam Blan alluded to it in
the morning measure it measure how what
percent are being onboarded in the
fastest possible time and make that a
core kpi Tove drive it up almost all
founders find that fewer of their
customers are onboarded as quickly as
they think fewer they're often shocked
that they sign a customer and they just
assume their team's gotten them up and
going and they find out what it's been
60 days it's been 90 days and they're
instant churn risk right if they don't
deploy so figure out what whether it's
15 days or 30 days or maybe 60 days if
your Enterprise figure out what your
goal is ideal 90% or more of customers
are on boarded in the shortest period of
time measure it constantly talk about it
every week and use that to spot the the
sub issues and the sub kpis so thanks
for the question one more or are we done
all right one last question thank you
hey Jason Frank from salesp so we're
just an 11-month old business and grew
to about two million bucks in AR so Curr
what would you be your top advice for
companies that actually do well during
this looking to raise an a doing well
okay I'll give you two I'll give you two
pie of advice so you're 2 million in
their first year growing quickly right
yes two things first
great congratulations just assume you
have to talk to more VCS than you used
to don't play any games don't
artificially coning the process don't
tell people they have 37 minutes be a
little more chill and talk to twice as
many people as you planned there's a lot
of reasons people those type for AI
those types of metrics it assuming
everything else you you probably have an
80% chance of getting funded in 2021
today maybe people are
gunshy31 they only want to do
infrastructure maybe they don't maybe
they're everyone's tired of sales
investing right even me like my third or
fourth investment was sales LOF which
sold for 2 and a half billion I'm tired
of sales after that like I'm not I'm
bored of the I'm just fatigued from the
category so there's just so many
variables in this we talked about it the
opener there's just so many segments of
the world and not everyone is in Market
not everyone is receptable and you say
you're AI right but you may not be the
type of AI people want they may want
open AI or cohere or perplex or deep l
or so you think you're AI but you're not
necessarily the flavor of talk to two to
three times as many folks is my one
advice the second advice I wrote this up
on Twitter the other day and then I got
just hazed on Hacker News but I was
right and I wrote about there are two
things I got has but it got a lot of
positive engagement but I wrote one of
them was one of them was about how a
Founder sent me a deck in May that was
dated March and I was hazed for being
too critical but my point is there's so
many wrong things first of all they've
been fundraising for two months
okay but at least pretend like you're
not struggling to fund raise three at
least pretend I'm one of your first
choices obviously I'm not even your top
20 if it took you two months to get to
me right three you didn't even read it
you didn't even read it in two months
you didn't even update it right so I got
haste on that one the other one I just
got lightly hazed on that was all over
hacking news the other one I got lightly
hazed on is I and I pointed these all
out to be helpful you can see why like
you can say hey that doesn't matter but
it's also a reason I passed and if I
passed because you had March 20202 2024
at the bottom of your deck so is someone
else that has attention someone else
that has limited time someone else that
has a decent portfolio so you can make
fun of it give that guy more another
chance it's not a meritocracy it's a
brutal business investing it's almost
impossible to make money so when things
look off so out the related point the
second one I got hazed on was this
person came in that was at 2 million and
was growing like
80% and not accelerating okay so just a
below the line but the email was really
good this was clearly a great founder to
who was in a vertical SAS category with
not a lot of competition unlike you and
you could say look I know it's not quite
there but there's a really cool category
I have personal passion around it I'm
interested in the emails really good
they clearly understand this Niche
category that probably nobody does once
in a while those accelerate they never
really do but you sometimes you get
excited about one that's on the margin
inventure sometimes you get excited one
that's on the margin right you get
excited almost because you have passion
around it or you love the founders and
so you give them a little slack and then
I said at the end they said we're
raising at least 10 million
and the problem was it was too much
money for me the one problem was they
didn't go to my website which says I
only write up to $4 million checks
that's a fail to not do the right but
they all knew about saster it was the
greatest email and all this stuff so
they should have read the website but my
real point of the story is it was a it
was too much money for me but if she'd
asked for four to five then I would have
probably leaned in when or if they asked
for 10 but everything was great I'd be
like I'll find the I'll call Kristoff I
got my buddy I I got another five no
problem like I'll get all my I'll get
all my friends together if you're the
next whiz right you can ask for too much
money but here when you're so my point
is be be a little conservative in your
asks don't be to so aggro in your
timeline don't be so aggressive in the
amount you're raising there's some minor
negatives for asking for too little
which it implicitly might ask for a
lower valuation there's some minor
negatives for not telling people they
have an hour to decide which is they
might not s or get off the can but be
more chill today be more respectful be
conservative on how much you ask you can
always raise more you can always raise
more than you ask and those things will
just increase the odds in stressful
times that you raise the money that's my
best advice yeah all right thanks
everybody for the time